Fix splunk search in incident context (#29763)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/3_1_8.md

#### Integrations

##### SplunkPy

> - Fixed an issue where **splunk-search** results will sometimes be shared via multiple incidents context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **splunk-search** results will sometimes be shared across multiple incident contexts.
```
